add argo integration based on pod integration (#3897)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/tasks/_index.md

As a batch user, you can learn how to:
- [Run a Kueue managed batch/Job](run/jobs).
- [Run a Kueue managed Kubeflow Job](run/kubeflow).
  Kueue supports MPIJob v2beta1, PyTorchJob, TFJob, XGBoostJob, PaddleJob, and MXJob.
- [Run a Kueue managed KubeRay RayJob](run/rayjobs).
- [Run a Kueue managed KubeRay RayCluster](run/rayclusters).
- [Submit Kueue jobs from Python](run/python_jobs).
- [Run a Kueue managed plain Pod](run/plain_pods).
- [Run a Kueue managed JobSet](run/jobsets).
- [Submit jobs to MultiKueue](run/multikueue).

> - [Support external workloads](run/external_workloads).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Run external workloads](run/external_workloads).
```
nit, for consistency

Author: done.

>   Kueue allows one to use existing integrations to support external workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Kueue allows one to use built-in integrations (such as Pods or Jobs) to run external workloads.
```

Author: done.

- [Run a Kueue managed plain Pod](run/plain_pods).
- [Run a Kueue managed JobSet](run/jobsets).
- [Submit jobs to MultiKueue](run/multikueue).

> - [Run an argo workflow](run/argo_workload)

Reviewer: This is great. We also have a similar way of support for the Notebook integration: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/issues/3878. I think we could have a dedicated section for them like "Run workloads with Pods managed by Kueue", with this doc being the first of this kind, but Notebook a potential follow up. WDYT @kannon92 @varshaprasad96 @tenzen-y ?

Author: I also have #3898. So I think this is a good idea to document examples that use pod integration.

Reviewer: great, I missed that, I would put them together in one sub-folder. We can maybe first merge this one, then align the other.

- [Integrate a custom Job with Kueue](dev/integrate_a_custom_job).
- [Enable pprof endpoints](dev/enabling_pprof_endpoints).
- [Develop a custom AdmissionCheck Controller](dev/develop-acc).

> - [Integration a custom workload with existing frameworks](dev/external_frameworks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Integrate a custom workload with Kueue using built-in frameworks](dev/external_frameworks)
```
Also, move it up just below "Integrate a custom Job with Kueue.

Author: done.
